# Database: Entity

An entity is the central concept of all Objects or Data in which can be placed
on the SiteTree (the tree of 'pages' for the website). An entity carries all of
the basic information such as the ID, CreateDate, ModifyDate, Type, etc. While
the more specific information or the field data, is all stored in the Type's
custom table, generated by the CMS when updated in the Admin Panel.


## Entity Management

Entities don't automatically become available on the website. They must be added
in one of many ways. The first two are the most direct, and result in unique
URLs to access the Entity.

* Directly place the Entity on the SiteTree. By creating a EntityNode and selecting the entity to place on the node
  * Select the Entity to display at node
  * Set the slug of the node
  * Use the entity's 'default' template **or** select a new template
  * Use the entity's default Controller **or** select a new Controller
* Create a UrlRoute to match for Entities by a selection criteria
  * Create the UrlRoute
  * Set the Match Regex
  * Create a Select Query to get the correct entities on a Match (optionally using variables from the Match Regex)

## Entity vs. Node

An entity is a custom datatype in Centro. It allows the website to store related
information together in an object; where a node, is an object that can be placed on
the SiteTree and can be one of many different node types. From displaying an entity
to rendering a static HTML or Markdown Node. See SiteTree documentation for more
about nodes.
